update version numbering description in README file (#136)
nextsimdg/nextsimdg: README.md

### Version numbering

We use a derived version of [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/). In brief this means the main branch has a version number assigned (tagged) to each commit. The numbers are of the form x.y.z, where we:

1. increment z when there's a hotfix (bugfix) pushed to main
2. increment y when develop is merged into main

> 3. increment x when we've been working on something extraordinary, when there's a major change in interface (configs or outputs) ... or when y is becoming too big (bigger than 26, the industry standart).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. increment x when we've been working on something extraordinary, when there's a significant change in an interface (configs or outputs) ... or when y is becoming too big.
```

... let's keep my silly Linux jokes out of this :)
